>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
talk about routing.
Up to this point we've kind of
just went to a single component,
and this is where our attention has been.
But, naturally, we like to build things
that are as complex as the world that we
live in, which means that multiple
features, in fact, I think we were having
a conversation we're you're looking
at pulling in like 30 features or
something crazy, well,
programming is hard because life is hard.
So, let's talk about routing and
a way to navigate from feature to feature.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So,
if we look in the root of our
project,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm going to pull up
app dot module, which is already up.
And, if we look down here,
when I generated this,
I said I would very much
like to have routing.
Well, in line within
the module definition,
this is feasible,
I could even extract this out and
just say routes.
And then above here,
do something like, and
then put a routing table in here,
and drop the send.
But, what I'm going to do, and I think
it's interesting, that when you generate
a module with routing that you
get a standalone routing file.
So I'll just put this back for
just a moment.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
make sure my app is running.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Hopefully nothing went
awry and if we look in, for instance,
the project's component,
that we have a projects routing
module here where they've
taken the routing table and
they've extracted it out
into a stand-alone module.
So let's go ahead and do a similar
thing for our top-level application.
Because I think actually
having that nested inlined
in your top level module
is not really a good idea.
Let's just see where we are.
Well, I'll do it this way.
We'll go here, New File,
app.routing.module.ts.
And so, similar to our feature running
modules, I've just manually created this,
and then within here I'm just going to
paste in the general structure here.
But because we're not a child, where this
is top-level we're gonna go for root,
and then I'm going to change
this to AppRoutingModule.
So the only thing I've done is I've
just picked up the routing file
from our feature components and
I've just created an app hyphen
routing module file, and
I changed from forChild to forRoot.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now what we will
do is go into the module itself,
@Module and
let's get rid of this right here.
And lets add this in as a standalone.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Module.
AppRouting module, let me just make
sure where this is coming from.
Occasionally VS code has
some funny ideas about
where the stuff that I
wanna pull in exists.
So AppRoutingModule, now it exists.
Now let's add in some tables.